after you've scaled the book on
your computer you will click on
photo books photobooks comcap interests
which is the first item
you will choose the format you have option
between the portrait square landscape and the
Size in size you can choose the
for example and at the time of
you have the option to buy
Large sizes Small sizes
that you are not with the same file as
You already recorded it here, you 're going to have two
acclamation options as you can
start a diagram to insert
page to page
or you can use pre-made themes
some themes are already installed
with the book but you can also do
the installation of new ones from the
updater that sits here on the side
right
so you just download it already
will appear here in this topic option
pre-defined
so for example I will choose the option
baby boy
Let's select the folder where the
my photos
and I'll put layouts here he already
already diagrammed for me all the pages of the
my photobook with the photos I had
already selected that this folder
You can also change the recording
so for example you can change the
photo apposition increase or decrease
like the green arrow or change my
box with the red arrow
I can also apply the
transparency in my photo
in this menu tools and also has
option to turn black and white photo
cepted or change the layers to
my photo here on the layers menu so just
want to change the position of this photo I
also has options for alignment and
size of this missing page
I can also insert embellishments that
they are positioned here in the
right side then just click and
I can also drag the page
resizes the
can I change the background of this page?
Click and drag
and I can change the position of items that
already came automatically
I can also change the photo that is in the
my recording just click and
drag to the photo that is already in the
page
This I can do with all the others.
pages that are in my photo book
after I finished recording the pages
today, save the cover
so I'm going to insert a photo into the space
that you have already separated here I can change the
position of the embellishments add
for example frames and change the text
on my butt my spine is just click
twice insert the desired text
ends recording your photobook today
you will save
and check your preview in advance you
will check if the photos are in the
position you want or if the texts
are correct finished checking
prior you go in conclusion here in
completion will appear the text that you
already recorded on the spine you must insert and
mail surname phone number and place
to export the time it takes to export the
will create two files with an mpf point
which is what you'll send to the
purchase and a pdf for you should check
What you've already recorded, just put it to
export and then exported
you will send the mpf point file to
buy your photo book